TL;DW: ClipOnly3 is just plain stinkin’ loud.

ClipOnly3.zip (488k) standalone(AU, VST2)

ClipOnly3 in Airwindows Consolidated (a separate project) under ‘Clipping’ (CLAP, AU, VST3, LV2)

Turns out you can go harder than ClipOnly2, through the power of noise!

This plugin takes an idea currently rocking its way through bass music loudenation, the idea of covering up the sound of hardclipping through using noise, and runs in a completely different direction with it, to substantially upgrade ClipOnly while still not working quite the same as anything else.

There’s still the ClipOnly behavior of softening the onsets and exits from clipping. Still the total not-changing of any sample below the threshold. Still an ability to not add edgy digital glare to clipped highs like cymbals.

But now, delicately clipped stuff gets a delicate tinge of noise. Hitting the clip harder begins to produce more noise… and then as you blow past that limit in turn, the noise gets replaced with purely hard clipping to a greater and greater extent, so that hyper-slamming restricts the noise part to only the onset and departure edges of the clips. And then there’s an intersample peaking stage that was put in to deal with super-high-frequency test tones, which lets the maximum clip amplitude go insanely high without triggering analog peaking.

So, like all ClipOnly, it’s a tiny featureless plugin that will pass most audio untouched. It’s just that when you slam it, there’s practically no limit to what you can get away with. It’s a clipper, so if you need a limiter this is probably not for you. But if you already knew you were going to be getting some clipping, or if your sounds mask it, or if you were just looking for total meltdown… have fun :)

Airwindows Consolidated Download

Most recent VCV Rack Module

download 64 Bit Windows VSTs.zip

download Signed M1/Intel Mac AUs.dmg

download Signed M1/Intel Mac VSTs.dmg

download LinuxVSTs.zip

download LinuxARMVSTs.zip for the Pi

download Retro 32 Bit Windows VSTs.zip

download Retro PPC/32/64 Mac AUs.zip

download Retro PPC/32/64 Mac VSTs.zip

Mediafire Backup of all downloads

All this is free and open source under the MIT license, brought to you by my Patreon .

Date

April 5, 2026

Author

Chris

Category

Clipping

Tag

GetSampleRate

Nonlinear

Comments

No Comments
